Put bylaws under about.publiccode.net/mission (#122)
publiccodenet/about: mission/bylaws.md

#Draft founding principles for the Foundation for Public Code

## Mission

> To grow an ecosystem of public purpose open source policy and software.

Reviewer: This bears some further work.

Arnout's suggestion:

> There is a couple of thoughts that come to mind with this. I think the mission should be one level higher. In other words, what we want to achieve and not how. More along the lines of:
> 
> To change the (market) dynamics in public software development in order to decrease cost (for the tax payer), decrease risk (for the members) and increase quality for the general public.
> 
> Apart from that I don’t like the word ‘ecosystem’ and I think that if we include  open source in our mission statement it will immediately place us in a certain bucket that I don’t think we want to be in.

followed by

> **To bring transparency to public software development in order to control cost, decrease risk and improve quality.**

Reviewer: I'm leaning to:

```suggestion
We help public organizations develop and maintain policy and software together.
```

Alternatively we could add another sentence:

```suggestion
We help public organizations develop and maintain policy and software together.
We do this to decrease cost, reduce risk and increase the quality of public service for everyone.
```

Reviewer: @MirjamvT reminds us that we should look at the goal, not what we do.

Reviewer: In our session we've just come up with the following:
```suggestion
To enable open and collaborative public-purpose software and policy.
```

We've decided not to go with a higher level mission because this is actually what we're trying to do and there are so many higher level things we would serve that this might be a very long list.

## Principles

1. We are a non-profit and non-partisan organization.
2. We publish under licences approved by the [Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org/licenses) or [Creative Commons](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/) licences that do not limit commercial reuse.

> 3. We are controlled by our members, who are wholly publicly controlled organisations.

Reviewer: Open question: How does this relate to the founding members not being this?

Reviewer: Perhaps we can solve this like so:

```suggestion
3. We are controlled by our members, who are wholly publicly controlled organisations. In order to start as an association three initial founders will play the role of member until there are enough public members.
```

Reviewer: Let's add an asterisk here and add a footnote for the exception.

4. We strive to keep our membership as accessible as possible to potential members, regardless of size or location.
5. We are committed to working with other organizations (commercial or non-profit) to achieve our mission.

> 6. We prioritise the long-term sustainability of the ecosystem.

Reviewer: This can be clearer.

Arnout's reply:

> Maybe: We prioritise work for active members that is in line with our long term goals.

Reviewer: I feel we can add Arnout's suggestion in the sentence.

```suggestion
6. We prioritise the long-term sustainability of the ecosystem to the benefit of our members.
```

This both makes clear we change the world first but also help our members

Author: ```suggestion
6. We prioritise the long-term sustainability of the ecosystem for the benefit of our members.
```

Reviewer: We've just discussed this and come up with the following:
```suggestion
6. We prioritise long term sustainability and growth for the benefit of our members
```

Reviewer: Our final decision was:

```suggestion
6. We prioritise long term sustainability and growth for the benefit of our members
```
